youth 18 we cook that they are quasi
in christoph and we're doing today
a really great snack and that
now lukewarm chicorye salad on alps
bread with goat cheese from motion to the
peel criticism on a clove of garlic and
the finely in fine slices her home and
pluck the rosemary
we have here chico rita citizen unquestionably
not only does this remove them
outer leaves are three pieces we have
now cut here bisserl bit off
or say that's it then we have
here is a grill pan which is good
on temperature on it and explain
let the good of all sides
take color
in the meantime still cuts the
bread and then again
so the gp we fried pretty
Now we come quickly to the dressing
to the marinade for the salad the criticism
made bread with a bit of olive oil
dribble from both sides
the hook was the garlic rosemary
° ° red-red coarse down already long
relations' difficulties little the
running so think I 'll say a shot
dark at sami co good three parts
olive oil wonderful then we take
can you pack on it first not so
When we send now we have the stream
calmly
you see it seared pretty
the strunk cut was from left here
it
electricity by the side once everything left
ruled and then slanted thick slices
that now looks so similar to bread
Of course you have the answer in view
but then we have more salt here
just except mill best black
and now mix whole try
Short in shops dark still bread like her
from it a little cheese where
You can have your bread when it's time
how to do on the plate yes then we have
still with goat cheese roll in we bridge
us still under half a roll
perfect it is mixed normally
I'm done, I can finish here
put up that I can do so yes
but probably of short taste
cause
so two three leaves of parsley still
quickly chop and throw over it and
then finished wonderfully tastes so much
have fun when roast say the crisis
and the christoph know job this time